I had thought that
You're just like all the women I've met before
But now it seems
I have a prejudice against you
A wealthy man?
I understand I understand
I would like to apologize for my malicious speculation
I'm sorry, it's alright, it's alright.
OK
Then I want to solemnly apologize to you
You not only took in Jing Rui
And it saved his life
Out of respect for you
I haven't checked your profile.
But with your medical skills
Must be a big shot in the medical world
Certainly not short of money
So I really don't know.
How can I repay you?
Let me know if you need anything.
I will do my best
How can you say such a long sentence?
Just kidding.
In fact, you are too serious about Xiao Rui
I still can't feel your concern
Why is Xiao Rui for me?
It's a very important presence.
How could he not feel my concern?
Is it true that I am so important to my father?
Wait a minute.
You are usually too reserved
Love needs to be said
Learn from this little injured male protagonist
Oh, by the way, Miss Zuo
Could I have you feel my head?